What are you panicking about?
Isn't the worst yet?
Otherwise, there is only one way we can do it now.
I'm afraid only that woman can help us
Ah!
Xue Zhilong, I will enter the Jin family
rich enough to rival the country
The financial crisis of Genting Group this time
I'm afraid only I can help you.
As long as you marry me
The entire property and resources of the Jin family are all used by you
You'll get through this in no time
Hahaha oops
Xue Zhilong, are you relying on women now?
Weren't you great back then?
Aren't you gifted?
When will I, Xue Zhilong, need to rely on a woman?
tough talk
Then I want to see what you can do
Just you Genting Group
Xue Zhilong, you are still asking for it
Only I can help you in the whole of Daxia, I said it
I don't need to rely on
Woman to help me through this crisis
Don't even try to get me to marry you
That person is from Shangqing Jin's family
If he makes a move
It will definitely get Genting Group through this difficult time
Do you hear me?
Long Jun doesn't agree with this woman's help
Okay, since you want it so much
Just wait for your Qingyun Longjun World God Altar
Since I have already taken this position
I wouldn't be able to fall again.